No, no, this is the building where I
Can I go there?
it's one of the wonders your lord has
done now is his and not
mountain region of the state of pernambuco
It's Brazil, without money, I've been more.
A little way up there, I'm not going there.
selection and continued here
He is talking, he was bleeding.
Look who put that thiago snow was
God who blessed one of the wonders that
has done
God bless you, send it here.
brejão para z
Look, we 're going to save. Let's ruin.
the water is not aware sent some
suddenly know how to use was to do
waste
only after crying the next town
to the step
see that something so beautiful nature
continues the dam is in the car and
now I'm going up here I think it's going
always uruçu mirim sakineh after thing
beautiful
a lot of water a lot of H2O almost
achieves something here in Brazil thanks to
God the highest alcoholic point
only here in Basque has one dimension
the new
I thought the city ​​hall would fall in
plate iox arranging film ó pá
work with him is just the exchange of the day
organizing the plan b organized here
cool background a wonder to ask the
I 'll wait until the plate
red dams on staff sheet
the town hall and get out of it
then came the Mass in this video then our
population at risk since they accessed
Think the river is not a dinner thing.
already knows how to work and already thinking all
they are stuck